.TH Zedit 1 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
zedit \- full screen editor for X
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zedit
[\-\fItoolkitoption\fP ...] [\-option ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This man page describes the X options for Zedit.
.SH X OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-background \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for the background of the window.  
The default is ``white.''
.TP 8
.B \-bg \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for the background of the window.  
The default is ``white.'' It is equivalent to \fB\-background\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-bold \fIfont\fP
This option specifies the font to be used for displaying bold text. It
must be the same size as the normal font.
.TP 8
.B \-boldfont \fIfont\fP
This option specifies the font to be used for displaying bold text. It
must be the same size as the normal font.
.TP 8
.BI \-borderwidth " number"
This option specifies the width, in pixels, of the border surrounding
the window.
.TP 8
.BI \-bw " number"
This option specifies the width, in pixels, of the border surrounding
the window. It is equivalent to \fB\-borderwidth\fP.
.TP 8
.BI \-cr " color"
This option specifies the color to use for text cursor.  The default is to
use the same foreground color that is used for text.
.TP 8
.B \-display \fIdisplay\fP
This option specifies the X server to contact; see \fIX(1)\fP.
.TP 8
.BI \-fb " font"
This option specifies a font to be used when displaying bold text. This
font must be the same height and width as the normal font or 1 pixel
higher.
.TP 8
.B \-fg \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for displaying text.  The default is 
``black.''
.TP 8
.B \-foreground \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for displaying text.  The default is 
``black.''
.TP 8
.B \-font \fIfont\fP
This option specifies the font to be used for displaying normal text.  The
default is \fIfixed\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-fn \fIfont\fP
This option specifies the font to be used for displaying normal text.  The
default is \fIfixed\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-help
This causes \fIZedit\fP to print out a verbose message describing its options.
.TP 8
.B \-geo \fIgeometry\fP
This option specifies the preferred size and position of editor window.
This is equivalent to \fI-geometry\fP.
.TP 8
.BI \-geom " geometry"
This option specifies the preferred position of the icon window.
It is shorthand for specifying the ``\fI*iconGeometry\fP'' resource.
.TP 8
.B \-geometry \fIgeometry\fP
This option specifies the preferred size and position of the VT102 window;
see \fIX(1)\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-iconic
This option indicates that \fIxterm\fP should ask the window manager to 
start it as an icon rather than as the normal window.
.TP 8
.BI \-icongeometry " geometry"
This option specifies the preferred position of the icon window.
It is shorthand for specifying the ``\fI*iconGeometry\fP'' resource.
.TP 8
.BI \-ps " cursor"
This option specified the pointer shape. The argument should be one of
the name of one of the standard shapes in the cursor font.
.PP
.SH RESOURCES
.\".in +1in
.TP 8
.B "iconGeometry (\fPclass\fB IconGeometry)"
Specifies the preferred size and position of the application when iconified.
It is not necessarily obeyed by all window managers.
.TP 8
.B "boldFont (\fPclass\fB BoldFont)"
Specifies the name of the bold font to use instead of overstriking.
.TP 8
.B "background (\fPclass\fB Background)"
Specifies the color to use for the background of the window.  The default is 
``white.''
.TP 8
.B "foreground (\fPclass\fB Foreground)"
Specifies the color to use for displaying text in the window.  Setting the
class name instead of the instance name is an easy way to have everything
that would normally appear in the text color change color.  The default
is ``black.''
.TP 8
.B "cursorColor (\fPclass\fB Foreground)"
Specifies the color to use for the text cursor.  The default is ``black.''
.B "font (\fPclass\fB Font)"
Specifies the name of the normal font.  The default is ``fixed.''
.TP 8
.B "geometry (\fPclass\fB Geometry)"
Specifies the preferred size and position of the editor window.
.TP 8
.B "pointerShape (\fPclass\fB Cursor)"
Specifies the name of the shape of the pointer.
.TP 8
.BI titleHeight " number"
The -y position needs to known the title height. I don't know how to
calculate it.
.TP 8
.SH "POINTER USAGE"
The right button sets the Point at the current position of the pointer.
The Point may be moved into another window, however, it cannot be moved
into or out of the Paw.

All other mouse buttons set the mark to the location of the pointer.
.PP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
Zedit also uses and sets the environment variable ``DISPLAY'' to specify
which bit map display terminal to use.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
resize(1), X(1)
